hi comiqueros just finished the
series of the second scarlett spiderman or
be here in which is an excellent
just imagine a series of
comics in which there is no
famous character and lasts two years that's
a feat and I am pleased to tell you that
we are uploading said series in our
facebook page comic word whose link
that you will find in the description and
giving will be able to download comics stigmas
free good has decided to share the
history of all the clones of
spiderman and can not do it without talking
of the saga of the clone let's start when
gwen stacy the girlfriend of the peter parker
original died at the hands of the green goblin
teacher thousands warren went crazy and
he assumed the identity of the jackal jackal
he had samples of all his students
between those who were peter parker and
gwen stacy began to clone the
discovering that Peter Parker was in
reality spiderman
before the appearance of the clone of
spiderman known as bng king and the
criminal known as the jackal had
created another clone that would be known more
late as ka in the tire that was the
first temporary success of the jackal by
cloning spiderman but the process of
cloning turned out to be defective with the
time cain degenerated leaving him
scars all over his face and also his
body
the jackal tried to kill cain but in
change this grew stronger and with the
time was overcoming the force of
original spiderman caínes followed the
ben reilly steps blaming him a
murder to give the real petter
the life he could never have
then he went to the laboratory in ruins
of the jackal in order to discover
Who is the true spiderman when
manages to get the data from the computer
an alleged mechanism is activated
defense that opens a capsule of
cloning from which peter parker comes out
at that moment the jackal arrives
Cain and seeking the truth attacks him alone
to find more confusion in that
moment makes its appearance write that
I was watching the movements of
meat all this time and while
spoke with the jackal
Cain escaped with the disk that contained the
supposed truth of spiderman
Cain followed Peter Parker and handed him
the disk telling him that it contained the
truth about the clone and he went
angry vettel put on the suit of
spiderman and followed meat to
discover why he was doing this
cain knowing that the confrontation was
inevitable he realized that everything
was prepared by the jackal and that
they were only mario
for he decided not to fight and the minor
carelessness of spiderman escaped